2. Model-II Arch	(MVC2) also called Servlet Front Arch & Servlet Centric Arch)
	--> It is pure MVC implementation
	--> Some Frameworks like struts, JSF, XWORK2,..., are designed on the basis of Model-II Web Application Arch only, interns, Struts, JSF are MVC based Frameworks.



MVC Arch and its Rules and Regulations:
---------------------------------------

	1. In MVC based applications, controller must be a Servlet, a set of JSP pages must be View part.
	2. In MVC based web applications, only one Controller must be provided.
	3. In MVC based web applications, every request must be provided to controller only and every response must not send any request to view part and we must
	   be generated by view part.
	   Note: We must not send any request to view part and we must not generate any response from controller.
	4. In MVC based web applications, Controller and View are not responsible to interact with databases, they may interact with database through Model component only.
	5. In MVC based web applications, Controller is responsible to set data to the Model Component and View is responsible to get data from model component.
	6. In MVC based web applications, we can write any no of JSP pages as View part, but we must provide all these JSP pages as Java code less.
	7. In MVC based web applications, we can provide any no of JSP pages as View part, where we must not provide Page-to-Page communication, where we must provide 
	   page-controller page communication.




Q) To design web applications we have the tech like Servlets and JSPs, To run web applications we have servers like Tomcat, Weblogic,..., to simplify the web applications development
   we have already some IDEs like Eclipse, MyEclipes, NetBeans,..., to prepare web applications with standarization we have web application model like Model-I Arch and Model-II Arch
   ..., still, what is the requirment to use Frameworks?


Ans:
Common: Controller & Generic Services ---> takes 70% of the actual application implementation.
Variable: JSP pages and Model ---> takes only 30% of the actual implementation.

If any product provides 70% common implementation as predefined the developers work is simplified, where Developers may provide only 30% of the remaining implementation. 
Here the third parties provided products which are providing 70% common implementation called as "Framework".





