Types of Enterprise Application:
--------------------------------

Java
    --> Standalone Application
	--> CUI Application
	--> GUI Application

    --> Enterprise Application
	--> Web Application
	--> Distributed Application


Q) What is the difference between Web-Application & Distributed Application?
Ans:

1.0) Web Application is a client-server application, where in web application the complete application logic will be distributed at server machine only.
1.1) Distributed Application is a client-server application, where in distributed applications the complete application logic will be distributed over both client machine and 
     server machine.

2.0) In case of web applications, client is fixed, that is browser.
2.1) In case of distributed applications, client is not fixed it may be a core java program with main() method, A GUI application with actionPerformed() method, a Servlet, a JSP page,
     Frameworks applications like Structs, JSF,...

3.0) If we want to prepare web applications we have to use a seperate set of tech called as Web tech.
	EX: CGI, Servlets, JSPs, JSTL, EL,...
3.1) If we want to prepare distributed applications, we need a set of tech called as distributed tech.

4.0) The main intension of web applications is to generate dynamic response from server.
4.1) The main intention of distributed applications is to establish communication between local machine and remote machine and to generate remote services from remote machine.

5.0) Web applications are executed by both web servers and application servers.
5.1) Distributed applications are executed by only application servers.

6.0) Web applications is the collection of web components like Servlets, JSPs,..., Which are executed by the web containers like servlet container and JSP container,...
6.1) Distributed applications is the collection of EJB components, which are executed by EJB container.






To Prepare Web Applications, SUN Microsystems has given two design models.
	1. Model-I Arch		(MVC1) also called (JSP Front Arch & Page Centric Arch)
	2. Model-II Arch	(MVC2) also called Servlet Front Arch & Servlet Centric Arch)



