2. Business Processing Layer

	i) It is Heart of the Enterprise Applications, It can be used to define and execute all Business rules and regulations 
	   which clients clients exactly required.
       ii) To prepare this layer we have to use a seperate logic called as Business Logic.
      iii) To prepare Business Logic, we have to use a set of Tech like Java Beans, Servlets, EJBs,....


3. Data Storage and Access Layer / Persistence Layer
	
	i) It is last layer in Enterprise Application development.
       ii) Its main intension is to interact with databases and to perform operations as per the Business Rules and regulations.
      iii) To prepare this layer, we will use a seperate logic called as Persistence logic.
       iv) JDBC, JPA, TopLink,..., Hibernate, EJBs-Entity Beans,...




System Architecture:
--------------------

1. 1-Tier Arch
2. 2-Tier Arch
3. 3-Tier Arch
....
....
   n-Tier Arch




1-Tier Arch:
------------
	--> In 1-Tier Arch, we will provide all the Enterperise Application layers in a single machine.

	0. We must prepare the complete Enterprise Application in single machine.
	1. It is highly recommended for standalone application.
	2. All three layers must be managed by Single Machine, so Single Machine resources may not be sufficient to execute enterprise application.
	3. It will reduce application performance.
	4. It is providing only single user enviroment.
	5. It is not providing database sharability and components sharability.
	6. It is providing tightly coupled Arch.



2-Tier Arch:
------------
	--> In 2-Tier Arch, we will provide the complete enterprise application in two machines.
	
	1. In Tier-1 machine we will use user interface layer and Business Processing Layer, in Tier-2 machine layer we will use data storage and access layer.
	2. 2-Tier Arch is able to provide loosly coupled design when compared with 1-Tier Arch.
	3. 2-Tier Arch is recommended for Enterprise Application and it is conventional Arch for Enterprise Application.
	4. 2-Tier Arch is able to improve database sharability.
	5. Still 2-Tier Arch is not providing clearcut seperation between presentation layer and data storage and access layer.
	6. It is providing database sharability but it is not providing component sharability.
	7. It is not suitable for standalone Applications.
	8. When compared with 1-Tier Arch, 2-Tier Arch will improve application performance but maintanence cost will be increased.


3-Tier Arch:
------------
	--> In 3-Tier Arch, we will provide the complete enterprise application in three machines.
	
	1. In Tier-1 machine we will use user interface layer, in Tier-2 machine layer we will use Business Processing Layer, in Tier-3 machine layer we will use data storage and access layer.
	

